I don't care who you are.
Today I saw my wife in a good mood
I don't want to talk to you.
Go away
Boy, your tone is not small
In Nancheng
You're the first person to talk to me like that
Xing Beard Yao
He is your unmarried emperor
Tomorrow you will break his leg.
I see how he married you
Then it depends on whether you have the ability.
Beard Yao, let me ask you one last time
Are you sure you're with this poor loser?
I'll tell you one last time
I have nothing to do with you
You stinky bitch
You wait for me.
Stop
What did you say about him?
I said he stinky bitch stinky bitch bit me
Hit me and scold me
But you dare to scold my wife
I'll kill you.
Boy, you have guts
Do you know what it takes to hit me?